Updated (#2709)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-Exchange: Exchange/ExchangeHybrid/hybrid-deployment/set-up-legacy-hybrid-public-folders.md

In a hybrid deployment, your users can be in Exchange Online , on-premises, or both, and your public folders are either in Exchange Online or on-premises. Public folders can reside in only one place, so you must decide whether your public folders will be in Exchange Online or on-premises. They can't be in both locations. Public folder mailboxes are synchronized to Exchange Online by the Directory Synchronization service. However, mail-enabled public folders aren't synchronized across premises.

> This topic describes how to configure EXO mailboxes to access on-premises public folders. The topic also describes how to synchronize mail-enabled public folders if your users are in Microsoft 365 or Office 365 and your Exchange Server 2010 SP3 public folders are on-premises. However, a Microsoft 365 or Office 365 user who is not represented by a MailUser object on-premises (local to the target public folder hierarchy) won't be able to access legacy or modern on-premises public folders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This topic describes how to configure Exchange Online mailboxes to access on-premises public folders. The topic also describes how to synchronize mail-enabled public folders if your users are in Microsoft 365 or Office 365 and your Exchange Server 2010 SP3 public folders are on-premises. However, a Microsoft 365 or Office 365 user who is not represented by a MailUser object on-premises (local to the target public folder hierarchy) won't be able to access legacy or modern on-premises public folders.
```

> This topic describes how to configure EXO mailboxes to access public folders at On-Premises. The topic also describes how to synchronize mail-enabled public folders if your users are in Microsoft 365 or Office 365 and your Exchange Server 2010 SP3 public folders are on-premises. However, a Microsoft 365 or Office 365 user who is not represented by a MailUser object on-premises (local to the target public folder hierarchy) won't be able to access legacy or modern on-premises public folders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This topic describes how to configure EXO mailboxes to access on-premises public folders. The topic also describes how to synchronize mail-enabled public folders if your users are in Microsoft 365 or Office 365 and your Exchange Server 2010 SP3 public folders are on-premises. However, a Microsoft 365 or Office 365 user who is not represented by a MailUser object on-premises (local to the target public folder hierarchy) won't be able to access legacy or modern on-premises public folders.
```

- `SyncMailPublicFolders.strings.psd1`: This is a support file used by the preceding synchronization script and should be copied to the same location as the preceding script.

> [!NOTE]

> > The `Sync-MailPublicFolders.ps1` does not support modern authentication and works only with basic authentication. You must use an EXO account that supports basic authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The `Sync-MailPublicFolders.ps1` does not support modern authentication and works only with basic authentication. You must use an Exchange Online account that supports basic authentication.
```

5. Repeat the preceding steps for every public folder server in your organization.

> ## Step 3: Download the script to synchronize mail enabled public folders

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Step 3: Download the script to synchronize mail-enabled public folders
```

1. Download the following files from [Mail-enabled Public Folders - directory sync script](https://www.microsoft.com/download/details.aspx?id=46381):

   - `Sync-MailPublicFolders.ps1`

   - `SyncMailPublicFolders.strings.psd1`

> 2. Save the files to Exchange On-Prmises server on which you'll be running the script. For example, C:\PFScripts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Save the files to the Exchange on-premises server on which you'll be running the script. For example, C:\PFScripts.
```

   Where `Credential` is your Microsoft 365 or Office 365 user name and password, and `CsvSummaryFile` is the path to where you would like to log synchronization operations and errors, in .csv format.

> [!NOTE]

> > The `Sync-MailPublicFolders.ps1` does not support modern authentication and works only with basic authentication. You must use an EXO account that supports basic authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> `Sync-MailPublicFolders.ps1` does not support modern authentication and works only with basic authentication. You must use an Exchange Online account that supports basic authentication.
```

> [!NOTE]
> Before running the script, we recommend that you first simulate the actions that the script would take in your environment by running it as described above with the `-WhatIf` switch. <br/> We also recommend that you run this script daily to synchronize your mail-enabled public folders.

## Step 5: Configure Exchange Online users to access on-premises public folders

> A Microsoft 365 or Office 365 mailbox who is not represented by a MailUser object on-premises (local to the target public folder hierarchy) won't be able to access on-premises public folders.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Microsoft 365 or Office 365 mailbox that is not represented by a MailUser object on-premises (local to the target public folder hierarchy) won't be able to access on-premises public folders.  
```

> You can use following command to identify such mailboxes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the following command to identify such mailboxes:
```

```PowerShell
Get-Mailbox |?{$_.IsDirSynced -eq $false}
```

> The above users will keep getting credential prompt after public folder mailboox access is configured. Use one of the following solution for such users, before enabling public folder access:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These users will keep getting credential prompts after public folder mailbox access is configured. Use one of the following solutions for such users before enabling public folder access:
```

> 1) Link the EXO only mailboxes, listed in step above, to On-Premises users by using the Knowledge Base article [Exchange Online users can't access legacy on-premises public folders](https://support.microsoft.com/help/3106618).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Link only the Exchange Online mailboxes listed in the previous step to on-premises users as described in [Exchange Online users can't access legacy on-premises public folders](https://support.microsoft.com/help/3106618).
```

> 2) Use steps provided in [Controlled Connections to Public Folders](https://aka.ms/ControlPF) to enable public folder access only to mailboxes that have linked users at On-Premises.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Use the steps provided in [Controlled Connections to Public Folders](https://aka.ms/ControlPF) to enable public folder access only to mailboxes that have linked users on-premises.
```
